Find that woman
Hello
Xi Shao
It's me Lily
What's the matter? You've been abroad for V years
I finally came back once
Then see if it's tonight?
Xi Shao's daughter has left
And I also asked for you.
He really came here to sing about the family that makes money
Looks like I really misunderstood
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I have something to do today
Can't accompany you
Ah, it's alright, Xi Shao
Well, next time
Who is the woman the knight is looking for?
Also surnamed Xia
Will not be
under the pig
No way.
I have to figure out a way to stabilize my position as Mrs. Xi
piggy
The news of Xi Shao's return to China written yesterday
Already exploded
Hot search
Really? Well, let me see.
This work is not at your own station
I don't want to do it anymore, right?
Director Li, I heard
Xi Shao returns to China
The news of marrying Cinderella seems to have broken
Xi Shao is the richest man on the battlefield
As long as it has something to do with the Xi family
Are extraordinary
Supervisor Li, then my news broke
Can you let me dial it myself?
News live streaming hosts earn twice as much as journalists
I have to find some evidence for this matter, Xia Zhu
I wrote this manuscript
Who to call?
I have the final say
Supervisor Li, how could you write it?
This is obviously my manuscript
yours
Please read the signature first
Director Li, I called you yesterday
I reported this news in advance
How could you tamper with the signature and my manuscript?